# Shipping Policy

  _Last updated: 2026-06-18_

  <p>Order fulfillment will vary by product. When items are ready to be shipped, you will receive an email with tracking information. You can view the estimated fulfillment can be found on product pages or in the cart at the time of purchase. Items are either stock items or made-to-order. If your order contains both, then the stock items will be reserved until the made-to-order items are completed. If your order only contains stock items, then the order will be shipped at its place in our order queue. Check the product page to see if the item is in stock or made-to-order.</p><p>All products are shipped via USPS, FedEx, and DHL. Our goal with our shipping rates is to cover our costs but not to gouge you! US shipping and International shipping rates are calculated based on the weight of your order as well as the shipping destination. Check your shopping cart for the total shipping cost at checkout. Please note that for domestic shipping, only USPS Priority Mail is fully insured against loss or damage.&nbsp;</p><p>You can choose the speed of shipping based on your urgency. <strong>Please note that shipping times do not include order processing times. </strong>If you have selected an overnight or express service, please contact us to confirm processing times. Estimated shipping times vary but are usually within the following window:</p><ul><li><strong>Domestic US</strong>: 3-5 days</li><li><strong>International</strong>: deliveries generally take between 7-21 days, although USPS does not guarantee delivery dates or times.&nbsp;</li></ul><p><strong>SPECIAL NOTE FOR USPS First Class International</strong> <strong>Customers</strong>. Packages shipped using this service cannot be tracked accurately to delivery in most countries. Be aware that we are unable to provide additional tracking information or troubleshoot lost packages from the US shipped with this method. Please utilize the tracking/customs number and contact your local postal office for assistance. If your item has not arrived within 40 calendar days, a claim will be filed and a reshipment issued. Please contact our support desk for packages that have not arrived within the 45-day window.</p><p>*IMPORTANT: We cannot guarantee that you will or will not be charged any customs taxes or duties. Any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. These charges must be paid by the recipient of the parcel. This applies only to International and Canadian orders. Please consult your local country's import requirements and duties. Federal law prohibits the falsification of customs documentation, so please don't ask us to take this kind of risk!</p>
  