# Mezel Mods Return Policy

  _Last updated: 2026-06-19_

  <p>Returns happen. Here is how we work returns and exchanges. We will:</p><ul><li>Gladly exchange&nbsp;an item if you find&nbsp;it to be defective.&nbsp;And PLEASE do not attempt repair as this can often cause more issues!</li><li>Absolutely replace items damaged during shipment, but PLEASE&nbsp;do not&nbsp;discard their original packaging!&nbsp;</li><li>Happily&nbsp;issue you a refund&nbsp;for the cost of&nbsp;the item (minus return shipping plus 5% transaction fee) if you change your mind or if you ordered the wrong item within 45 days of receiving it.&nbsp;</li></ul><p>In all of the above cases, please <a href="mailto:support@mezelmods.com" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">email us</a>&nbsp;or <a href="/pages/contact-us" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">use our contact form</a> to initiate your return. Please include the following information in the request for return/exchange:</p><ol><li>Order name and order number</li><li>Item(s) you are seeking to return</li><li>In the case of damage or defect, please include a photo of the item&nbsp;</li></ol><p>Once your return is received, your refund or exchange will be processed, and a credit (if applicable) will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment.</p><p><br></p><h2>How to Request a Return or Cancellation - Self Serve</h2><p>If you need to request a return or cancellation for your order, you can do so from your <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">order page</span>.</p><ol><li>Open your <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">order page</span> or the <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">returns</span> link on our website</li><li>Sign in to your customer account using the email address you used for your order</li><li>Enter the <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">6-digit verification code</span> sent to your email</li><li>Open your order</li><li>Select the option to request a <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">return</span> or <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">cancellation</span>, if it’s available for that order</li><li>Follow the steps shown on screen and submit your request</li></ol><p><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Important things to know</span>:</p><ul><li>You can submit return requests only for orders that are <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">fulfilled</span> or <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">partially fulfilled</span></li><li>Return availability depends on the order and our store’s return rules</li></ul><p><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Alternative option</span>:</p><ul><li>If you don’t want to use the order page, just reach out to us directly with your <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">order number</span> and request <span style="color: rgb(13, 13, 13);">via </span><a href="mailto:support@mezelmods.com" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);" target="_blank">email</a><span style="color: rgb(13, 13, 13);">&nbsp;or </span><a href="https://mezelmods.retool.com/pages/contact-us" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);" target="_blank">our contact form</a><span style="color: rgb(13, 13, 13);">.</span></li></ul><p><br></p><h2>For EU Customers Only – Cancellations and Returns</h2><p>If you are a consumer located in the European Union, then the following terms apply to your purchase and <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms in our standard return, refund, or cancellation policy</span>.</p><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Right of withdrawal</span>: You have the right to cancel or withdraw from your purchase within <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">14 days</span> of receiving your goods, without giving any reason.</li><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">How to exercise this right</span>: To exercise this right, you must clearly notify us within the 14-day period using the withdrawal or cancellation method we make available on our store, or by contacting us with your name and order details via <a href="mailto:support@mezelmods.com" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);" target="_blank">email</a><span style="color: rgb(13, 13, 13);">&nbsp;or </span><a href="https://mezelmods.retool.com/pages/contact-us" rel="noopener noreferrer" style="background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);" target="_blank">our contact form</a>.</li><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Confirmation of request</span>: After you submit your request, we’ll send confirmation of receipt on a durable medium, such as email.</li><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Refunds</span>: If your cancellation or withdrawal is valid under applicable EU law, then you’re entitled to a refund in accordance with that law.</li><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Exceptions</span>: Some products or order types might be exempt from cancellation or withdrawal rights where permitted by applicable law.</li><li><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Mandatory rights</span>: Nothing in this section limits any mandatory consumer rights available under applicable EU law.</li></ul><p><span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">Supremacy Clause</span>:</p><p>If there is any conflict between this <span style="color: rgb(17, 24, 39);">For EU Customers Only – Cancellations and Returns</span> section and any other part of our standard return, refund, or cancellation policy, then this section will control for orders made by EU consumers.</p>
  